docs: add runtime adapter skills (#572)
heygen-com/hyperframes: skills/gsap/SKILL.md

# GSAP

## HyperFrames Contract

HyperFrames controls GSAP through its `gsap` runtime adapter. Create a paused timeline synchronously, register it on `window.__timelines` with the exact `data-composition-id`, and let HyperFrames seek it.

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gsap@3.14.2/dist/gsap.min.js"></script>
<script>
  window.__timelines = window.__timelines || {};
  const tl = gsap.timeline({ paused: true });

  tl.from(".title", { y: 48, opacity: 0, duration: 0.6, ease: "power3.out" }, 0);
  tl.to(".accent", { scaleX: 1, duration: 0.5, ease: "power2.out" }, 0.25);

>   window.__timelines["main"] = tl;

Reviewer: A future agent has to infer that `"main"` matches `data-composition-id="main"` on the root — and `timeline.ts:410-413` confirms the registry lookup keys off that exact attribute. Make the relationship explicit in the example:

```suggestion
  window.__timelines["main"] = tl; // key MUST equal data-composition-id on the composition root
```

- **ease** — `"power1.out"` (default), `"power3.inOut"`, `"back.out(1.7)"`, `"elastic.out(1, 0.3)"`, `"none"`.
- **stagger** — number `0.1` or object: `{ amount: 0.3, from: "center" }`, `{ each: 0.1, from: "random" }`.
- **overwrite** — `false` (default), `true`, or `"auto"`.

> - **repeat** — number only in HyperFrames. **yoyo** — alternates direction with repeat.

Reviewer: "number only in HyperFrames" reads like a type and is hard to parse. The intent is "no `-1` / no infinite repeat." Suggest:

```suggestion
- **repeat** — finite number; never `-1` in HyperFrames (compute repeats from the visible duration). **yoyo** — alternates direction with repeat.
```

The matching `Avoid` bullet at the bottom of this file (~line 235) could be tightened the same way.
